feat: translating coding skills  description to english (#10)
loft-br/hiring-process-study-guide: software-engineer/en_US/01.coding-skills.md

# Coding Skills

> In this interview, we'd like to assess your skills in making business requisites into __readable code__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this interview, we'd like to assess your skills in addressing business requisites with __readable code__.
```

Think of it as a normal pair programming dynamic, that we do on our day-to-day.

> You'll be the one conducting this pairing, but we want you to be at ease to discuss any ideas and doubts that you might have with the interviewer(s). Also feel free to use any online search tool and your favorite IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll be the one driving this pairing, but we want you to feel free to discuss any ideas and doubts that you might have with the interviewer(s), as well as to use any online search tool and your favorite IDE.
```

> The only thing we ask is that the exercise is done while sharing the screen with the interviewers, so that it's possible to keep up with your line of thought.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only thing we ask you is to share your screen with the interviewers while doing the exercise, so they can keep up with your line of thought.
```

The code should be initialized from scratch, in the programming language of your preference.

> It will be a simple command line script, without any intention of ever evolving to an API (backend) or a HTML page (frontend).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will be a simple command line script, without any intention of ever evolving it to an API (backend) or a HTML page (frontend).
```

> __Bringing a blank project setup might save you a few minutes__. This means a project capable to print an arbitrary string on the console, with the main packages/libraries that you feel like using already referenced. If you'd like to use automated tests, it's also a goog idea to previously setup the framework to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Bringing a blank project setup might save you a few minutes__. This means a project capable of printing an arbitrary string to the console, with the main packages/libraries that you feel like using already referenced. If you'd like to use automated tests, we also recommend setting up your test runner in advance.
```

> You can also code this exercise using an online coding tool, called Codility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative, you can also code this exercise using an online coding tool (Codility).
```

## Main evaluation criteria

> * Code running and executing the challenge requisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Code running and executing the challenge requisites
```

> * Code running and executing the challeng premises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Code running and executing the challenge requisites.
```

* Readable code
  * Coherent naming for variables and functions
  * Adequate responsibility separation

>   * Ease of understanding code behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Code behavior is easy to understand
```

Reviewer 2: Acho que pra manter o padrão, fica melhor `Easily understandable code behavior`. Ou mudamos os de cima para:
```
- Variables and functions have coherent naming
- Responsibilities are adequately separated
```
Pra ficar nesse padrão que renatopster sugeriu

>   * Ease of understanding code behavior

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Easily understandable code behavior
```

>   * Ease of understanding code behavior

Reviewer: achei meio estranho esse phrasing mas não pensei em nada melhor ainda xD

Author: sim, também me pareceu um pouco estranho ele, mas não consegui pensar em nada melhor tb... =(

Author: talvez "Code behavior's ease of understanding"?

> * Choosen test cases to validate the solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Proper test cases used to validate the solution
```

* Critical sense

>   * Interpretation of problems shown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Comprehension of problems shown
```

  * Raising relevant concerns, like performance
* Communication

## Support material

> * https://medium.com/desenvolvendo-com-paixao/2-clean-code-boas-pr%C3%A1ticas-para-escrever-c%C3%B3digos-impec%C3%A1veis-361997b3c8b5

Reviewer: Será que não faz sentido tirar o material em pt-br?

Author: Eu deixei mais pq não tem uma total equivalência entre os dois materiais, aí se a pessoa quiser pode entrar nesse em pt-br e traduzir... Fui mais na linha de tentar deixar todo mundo com as mesmas informações, mas se acharem melhor remover o conteúdo em pt-br da descrição em inglês, posso fazer de boas...

Reviewer: Suave! Vale revisar futuramente, e trazer outros materiais complementares tb
